good morning it's Ruby and today I am
starting online classes so it is Monday
the 23rd of March so the University
closed this time last week but they
canceled all classes until now so that
students had time to get home and
obviously it's been a really stressful
time so that was really nice of them but
I am excited for my classes today
yeah say I'm having this smoothie I put
half of that in a bowl for a smoothie
Bowl I didn't know why because I wasn't
sure which one they wanted and I also
have got half this papaya I don't think
I've ever tried bit by if I have it was
when I was really little and I can't
remember it's like melon I am going to
start up the morning by just doing 20
minutes of writing technically I can say
that this is studying kind of because I
do a creative writing module so as I
said I start up the morning with some
writing I was just writing some of my
book for about 30 minutes
[Music]
after that I made a timetable for the
day if I'm gonna have a productive day I
do like to make a timetable because it
just holds me accountable and especially
at the moment I think it's important to
have structure because we are at home
for a very long time and this is the
main thing that's helping me to stay
productive then after that I got on with
doing some admin tasks I wanted to do
all of those little things I needed to
get done in the morning so I wouldn't be
worrying about them and yes I was
listening to Christmas music even though
it's March I was also sitting at some
I'll grade tea at the same time this is
the Dragonfly our gravy bus one it's my
favorite tea and then then I got on with
some studying so I started off by
writing up some notes for psychoanalysis
which was one of the criticisms topics
that we've done and I'd hand written my
notes and since this is one of the
topics I want to do for the exam I
really wanted to write these up into a
con a concise typed format so I got that
done here
[Music]
if you're wondering I am color coding
these notes so if it's in blue it means
it's just an original thought and if
it's in pink
it means it's an original criticism of
an argument I could direct criticism of
something that's been said
[Music]
so here is my amazing tea setup and I
also got myself a snack of some coconut
collaborative yogurt and frozen mango
yes I have put my coat on because it's
very cold and I've gone downstairs to
grab my tea I get myself this every day
at 11:00 and it's just a nice little
ritual and I can have beautiful morning
to you
[Music]
jasmine tea is one of my favorites then
I got back on with work and here I was
working on an essay that I've got you
so the essay is on a poem I'm doing it
on a poem by Emily Dickinson and I just
made a note of the three key things I
wanted to do whilst working on the essay
that day and I kept on sitting at my tea
of course I did blow this clip because
obviously it is a summative a say that I
am working on so just for privacy
reasons I did learn it but I just went
through and made some edits to phrasing
I'm very sad to be bidding goodbye I
always do this I've had this jumper for
three or four years this tag has been
annoying me the whole time and I never
cut it out say I'm just gonna quickly do
that because actually really frustrating
gang strum with this I'm just going
through and doing a little bit of a fine
tune to it because some of the sentences
just don't sound like reading the back
and I ever looked over this since I
wrote the second draft so I'm just
making these edits and also highlighting
anything that I want to find a quote for
do some more research for and so my next
step is to you actually get on with
doing some research work and doing some
more readings
so that's so I continue to work on that
essay I worked on this so I worked on
this from 11:00 till 2:00 and then I
went upstairs to get myself some lunch
[Music]
I decided to make some garlic mushrooms
and I will put the recipe on the screen
because they turned out really good I
just made this for the whole of my
family and everyone else had those with
toast but I decided to have mine with a
strong roots kale and quinoa burger
these burgers are so so tasty and then I
did write a letter but I didn't film me
doing that for some reason and then my
mum and I did a walk over to the local
post box so we could post so I could
post a letter I'd just written and my
mum had a few letters to post as well
and it was such a beautiful day and such
a great day for a walk we've just walked
down through the woods to go and post a
letter okay now I'm gonna do some
reading for that essay which I was
working on earlier and I need to look
for some more resources on Dickenson and
rhyme so I'm gonna be looking through
Polly and seeing if I can find anything
I went and got myself another mug of tea
I just really like tea and then I logged
onto Palio so this is the website
honestly I cannot recommend this enough
I've been using it to be working my
essays at the moment because obviously
we don't have access to a library and
it's a platform where you can access
loads of different books and textbooks
and it saves you from buying them as a
student because obviously it can be very
expensive to buy textbooks it's also a
really environmentally friendly
alternative to buying the textbooks you
can just have them or digitalized which
saves on paper
I just went looking for some books on
Emily Dickinson and then I read through
these one thing I really love is that I
can make highlights as I'm going along
because I am a big annotator I love to
annotate my books I love to make little
notes as I'm going along and polly girl
lets you highlight and so color codes so
my color code was purple for critics
orange for this is just interesting
yellow for this will fit with my essay
and then at the end I could just access
a page which showed me all of the notes
that I've made which was really useful
also keep in mind that that is a
two week free trial which really is just
worth trying out there's a beer display
my god oh so then here I was actually
putting in my confirmed choices for
module selection now module selection
was open I have chosen modules in
American Studies theory of adaptation
from book to film or book to theater
theatricals which is like Shakespeare
and also a module on religion and the
Holocaust which I really wanted to do
this year if I were doing theology yeah
making then after that I continued
working through the Pulido resources
that I have been looking for I skimmed
through three of the different books I
didn't read them cover to cover because
not all of the information was relevant
but you can search through the text and
look for key words and things which is
what I was doing because I was mainly
only really needing information about
rhyme so after I'd finished that and
after dinner I decided to do some
sorting I just completely sorted out my
bedside table because they've got so
messy somehow so this is my bedside
table so first of all at the back I have
my bookmarks please ignore my hands by
the way I've been eating blueberries and
my hands are complete State in this one
I've got some stationery and sticky
notes washi tape and also down here I
have some bonjela they're at the moment
which I don't usually have that I'm
using it at the moment at the back I
have this mini box inside I have
old-fashioned things so I've got these
two Jam Stoppers which I got from a
garden center and I've got a mint tin
which isn't very old-fashioned but I
think of it as old
I've got some spare buttons I need to
put onto my coat and we'll say my
handkerchiefs these are so pretty
usually this is out of my nightstand but
at the moment it's irritating my hands
because they're quite chapped then this
box isn't usually going to be here these
are photos I just need to put into my
photo box my photo box is up there it's
that crate over there these are my very
miscellaneous things I just have no idea
where else to put them at the moment
I've got some clinical gloves sometimes
our web use and then I'll just wash my
hands as normal with these so that I
don't have my hands I've got my two
crazy iron thinking parties which I
really love to use both of these are the
Phantom ones and I've got a sleeping
mask as well then in the bottom drawer
I've got my journal here and my old
journals underneath here I've got these
headphones which are my mom does radio
and Sadie is a radio headphones which
she didn't want so I've got those in
this I have got business cards and
tickets I also have some crossword and
today QR code word books back there and
my lord is map is in here I've got some
hard drives a spare watch and then in
that tin I've just got some papers three
glasses cases here my pass and also a
whole load of candlesticks and then in
here toys I guess so I've got some film
for my Polaroid camera at the front then
at the back I've got some playing cards
a squishy a fidget cube and this very
cute elephant which I just really like
yeah there we go that is my bedside
table and I love how it turned out thank
you so much to perlier for sponsoring
today's video I hope you enjoyed
watching and I hope that you have a
productive week